which language are understand the a computer ?

the computer are only understand a binary language 


why python ?

because the python is easy to understand and open sourses 


why is easy to understand ?

because python syntax is a like a simple English and we dons not use in python semicolon and carliybrases


why python is interrupted programing language ?

because the we doen not complie the code manully the is complie inside the masihin 


why python is dyanamically type language ?

because in python we does not define the datatype before the a variable python interrupted are automatically detect it.


why python is platfrom independent programming language ?

the python is platfrom independent programing language baecuse the python code easily run in different operation system with any other installation 


why python is create the byte code ?


the byte is create for the interruter are easily and effiently read the file 


why we use the input function ?


we input function for giving the input from user and its a bulitin funcation 


who many type of the formatting ?


there are two type of a formatting we use first is using format() and second is using f sting method 


what is open sourse ?

the python is open sourse language because of his sourse code is publically available 


what is python ?

the python is a high level , interrupted programing language we use for automation and for developing the web application.


why we use the import module 


the import module we use for accessing the a method and its attribute one file to anther file we use 


why we use the math module ?


we use  math module for performing the mathematical operation 



why we use the help function ?

help function is use for the a show keywords , module and other properties using 


who we show the all keywords in python and how many are  keywords in python? 

there are a 35 keywords in python its a Rejered words we can not use as a variable name and function as keyword we use to show the all key words in python using the a help("keywords")


what is function ?

the function is a block of code to user call to create his need the function is reduses the reusability of the code .


who many type of importing the a module ?

there are a four type of importing the module first is s


1. import math 
2. import math as m
3. from math import sqrt,factorial,pi
4. from math import * ---------------------("used for access the all function in math module")


what is module ?

the module is already writted file by other developer and we use its function and other properties.















 